Conditions for the use of the Danish Parliament's open data

General information
The Danish Parliament's open data contains data on the work performed
in parliament and includes links to documents and photos on its website.
The open data does not include the documents and photos themselves,
but there are links to documents from 2013-14 and onwards. Links to
documents from 2009-10 until 2012-13 will be added at a later date.

Some of the data in the Danish Parliament's open data comprise links to
public sector documents which, in pursuance of Section 9, subsection 1 of
the Danish Copyright Act are not protected by copyright. This applies, for
example, to Acts, Bills and motions for resolutions, white papers from
parliamentary committees, questions to ministers and interpellations, etc.

Works that can be considered independent contributions to public sector
documents can be reproduced in connection with the document in
question. The right to their further use depends on other applicable rules,
cf. Section 9, subsection 2 of the Danish Copyright Act. This covers
documents such as articles and presentations that are included in the
parliamentary committees´ supporting documents, general part.

The Danish Parliament grants the right of use to the data in its open data
catalogue on the following conditions. The right of use regarding the
documents and photos that can be accessed via these data depends on the
rules of the Danish Copyright Act and other legislation.

The conditions must be accepted in connection with every use whatsoever
of the data. The conditions are governed by Danish law.

Right of use
The Danish Parliament grants a world-wide, free, non-exclusive and
otherwise unrestricted right of use to the data in the Danish Parliament's
open data catalogue. The data can be freely:
- copied, distributed and published,
- adapted and combined with other material,
- exploited commercially and non-commercially.


Conditions
Access to the data in the Danish Parliament's open data catalogue is
unrestricted.

The data may not be used in such a way as to suggest that the Danish
Parliament approves, supports, recommends or advertises the user, the
user's products or services. The Danish Parliament's logo may not be used
in connection with the user's products or services.

The user must ensure that the use of the data is in conformity with
Danish law. This requirement must be seen in the context of existing rules
on areas such as personal data protection, misleading marketing and
Section 9, subsection. 2, Section 26 and Section 71 of the Danish
Copyright Act.

These conditions do not limit users' opportunities and right to use data
from the Danish Parliament's open data to the extent that there is a right
to do so in pursuance of the rules of the Danish Copyright Act and other
legislation.

Users of open data must take responsibility for the operation of the
products they develop on the basis of the Danish Parliament's open data.
The use of these products must not burden the Danish Parliament's open
data interface in an inappropriate or disproportionate manner.

The Danish Parliament recommends that the users of open data register
with parliament. This recommendation is intended to enable the Danish
Parliament to forward instructions for the use of open data, information
on error recovery, updates and possible interruptions in the operation of
open data direct to those users who have registered.

Acknowledgement of source
When using the open data, the Danish Parliament must be acknowledged
as the source.

The Danish Parliament's rights and responsibilities
Data are provided 'as is'. The Danish Parliament shall not be held liable
for any damage or injury whatsoever that may be attendant on the use of
the data.

The Danish Parliament provides no guarantee that the data will continue
to be made available and can from time to time change the right of use to
the data and the conditions for this.

The Danish Parliament shall be entitled to discontinue access for one or
more users without notice if this should be necessary on technical or legal
grounds. For example, to maintain stable operation of the open data in a
situation where the users in question burden the Danish Parliament's open
data interface in an inappropriate or disproportionate manner.

Contact info
Please contact the Danish Parliament's Information Centre if you have
any questions about the above-mentioned conditions.
Telephone (+45) 33 37 33 38, e-mail: fo@ft.dk.
